# CompGraphicsAndVisualization
Corey Porter
Starting this class I had no skills in OpenGL or any computer graphics programming. Working through this course has allowed me to learn new concepts and troubleshooting skills. I have learned out to use code to transform images and how to manipulate graphics to produce images that I want. 
The design process was a bit haphazard for this course. I started by just movin objects through trial and error, at least the first 3 modules were completed fully by guessing my way through the code to see if I could get the results that I wanted, I didn't understand the code in the beginning and was overwhelmed by how unfamiliar it all felt. After the third module, I started to understand what I was looking at and was able to identify the classes and loops that would allow me to manipulate the output into the desired images.
I'm not sure if future coding classes will include design like this one, but I will always be able to apply the troubleshooting skills that I honed in this class, I was frustrated often, but was eventually able to work through each exercize.
My 3D scene was one of the most frustrating projects I have ever worked through. I was irritated to a point I didn't know I could get to. But, the results are something I am proud of. While troubleshooting isn't new or unique to this course, the level of uncertainty I had coming into this class rivaled my first programming course and the amount of trial and error that needed to be worked through was tiring. The way I worked through it was I started by commenting out each section of code and looked to how it worked with the rest of the program. This really allowed me to understand the code in a way I didn't in the beginning. 
One of the things I love about computer science is also the most frustrating, it's exacting. There isn't necessarily a right or wrong way to accomplish something, but the code itself is right or wrong. Writing, running and testing code is exciting and fun, this course brought that to another level. Trying to test difficult code and verify that it behaves the way I expected and in a pleasing visual way was taxing.
All of these soft skills will be applied to each of my classes going forward.
